---
layout: post
title: "Tubzich"
date: 2025-09-25 12:00:00 -0000
categories: stories
---

"..."
"I suppose so. Not everyone here notices the way the skies dim and brighten, but it can't be unexpected. When our brave explorer came back from your home with visual diaramas, we were amazed you could sit in awe for an evening at how your star falls down in front of you. Things dont work the same way here. Image is a paradox, you must not get used to the state of things as they are now. Expectation of one thing being in a place is a recipe for dissapointment. Expectation of a hue will be overruled the second you avert your attention
I will reiterate that everything is in motion. No object retains its shape for too long, including and especially us. I imagine it would be hard to get used to if you ever came and visited. Our light comes from the same star as it does you, but the clouds of gas and chemicals above us swirl and morph in fantastic ways"
"..."
"I know, I know. But your clouds have patterns. It may not seem like it, I know that when you look above your home or above the trees the white spots seem random and perplexing if you take the time to even notice them. The edges sometimes burn from the singe of the star rays shoving their way around them, or darken before a storm. They must look so immeasurable as to restrict any reason to really map them out. But I promise there is an order"
"But the mystery of your clouds is amplified here. The second you look the way of a stratotower your eyes may deceive yourself in believing in its existence - It simply flies away to another corner. That means the light throughout our days turns out not to mean much. Darkness comes and goes, your vision illuminates with no warning. Just as you begin to heat, you cool; sometimes you will feel sensations pushing you from multiple directions. It is just the natural order of things here."
"..."
"Well we certainly still feel. I would guess our feelings aren't too different than yours. Yes, when you are cold you might be cold eternally. And if hot, so on. When our skin dries up, our teeth chatter, we shiver, we feel cold just as you would if you were here. When the light hits us, even slightly, we warm up. It is just that there is at once no and limitless expectations. So yes, to point not too fine of a point on it, we get hot and cold"
"My family and I take walks every daycycle..."
"..."
"Sure, we have families. We can talk aobout that later. But as I was saying, we take walks on some regular cadence. We're normal though, it is important to keep moving since not moving means ceding your movement to the land beneath you. We try to stay together but if we enter our own journeys we make sure to at least congregate at some known point later. Here, it might be confusing to you if I say a 'known point'. That is, points surely are known but they do not appear as they were when you 'know' of them"
"..."
"I think I'm confusing you. But it is also hard to explain. When I was a small one, I would also walk with my family and elders out near wh